Swiss machines are known for their accuracy and reliability.
And Switzerland is famous for its ... not strictly paranoid,
but certainly a large number of security measures.
Switzerland is the only state in the world,
which has enough anatomic shelters for all residents.
Even now the law requires that each newly built house
had a cover if it was not close to an existing cover.
Yes, nowadays, these covers are mainly used as a warehouse,
mostly for cheese, but what if something goes wrong?
Switzerland is ready.
And this also applies to this -
drinking water.
I am in Zurich, the largest city in Switzerland,
and it has a complete backup water system.
There are hundreds of drinking water fountains for the public,
in various embodiments.
Most of them are powered from the same pipeline as households and offices,
filtered water from nearby Lake of Zurich
mixed with a little spring and ground water.
It is, of course, one of the safest drinking water in the world,
because of Switzerland.
But in case of emergency -
let's say the lake was somehow contaminated,
or there has been a long-term power outage and the pump has shut down
(it is unlikely that electricity supplies are equally well secured),
but if that happens, Zurich is ready.
They have the entire backup water system,
which feeds only gravity and a spring on a nearby mountain.
There are 150 kilometers of pipelines to hospitals and anatomical shelters
and special fountains with drinking water like this one.
These can be adjusted to fill a bunch of buckets
in a very short time,
with just a few hoses and scaffolding.
By the way, this is not a waste of water.
No one does not drink it,
but even if it did not flow through this pipeline,
she would come into the river and find her way to the sea.
Many cities have some duplicate water resources:
backup pipelines or emergency tanks in case everything fails.
But in Zurich?
Here are two systems, constantly tested,
which work together.
If the end of the world happened to happen.